adding decomposition "C(SemiAdder)" (#8423)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* A new decomposition has been added to Controlled :class:`~.SemiAdder`. It is an efficient method

>   to control this operator instead of control all gates in the decomposition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to control this operator instead of controlling all gates in the decomposition.
```

>   to control this operator instead of controlling all gates in the decomposition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A new decomposition has been added for the Controlled :class:`~.SemiAdder`,
  which is efficient and skips controlling all gates in its decomposition.
```
